# Insurance Agent Incentives Planning for Maximizing Total Revenue for the company
What? – It was a competition dataset provided by McKinsey. It is like, I am an employee of McKinsey, and our client is an Insurance Company. They need help in building the model to predict the probability of clients to pay renewal premium. And based on these probabilities, build an incentive plan for its agents to motivate them work more harder and also maximize the total revenue for the company. 
Dataset? – The client had provided the aggregated historical transactional data. The attributes included number of premiums delayed, number of premiums paid, customer sourcing channel, customer demographics like age, monthly income and area type and many more attributes were provided. 
In addition to that dataset, client also provided the relationship of expected extra efforts put by the agent for given incentives, & expected increase of renewal probability given the extra efforts of agents.
How? – Pull down the dataset into your python---pandas dataframe  do some preprocessing required  do the feature scaling for better results  build ANN model that can predict the probability of renewal premium  Compare with other models  but obviously ANN gives max accuracy  Now  Use these predicted probabilities & the given relation between Extra efforts of Agent for given incentives and their likelihood increase in renewal probabilities  use all this information to optimize the total revenue made by the company  for this I used SciPy module’s Optimization function  so create your objective function  define the constraints  give it to SciPy Optimization
